

    Hi all, here's a little demo I did a few months ago. It is part of a
    suite of programs written for Fresh week 1993 for Bits - The University
    of Bristol Computer Society (of which I am President).

    It generates a fractal landscape and projects it in 3d. When run, you
    will be shown an overhead view of the landscape in the top left hand
    corner of the screen. This shows the landscape stored in memory. The
    area inside the black rectangle is the area of landscape which will
    be projected. You can move the black rectangle using the 'WSER' keys
    for up, down, left and right, repectively. Notice that when the black
    rectangle reaches the edge of the landscape stored in memory, the
    landscape is shifted and a new section created. The actual new land
    generated should follow on smoothly from the land already shown. This
    currently works better in the up/down direction than the left/right
    direction - the reasons for which I am not sure about (yet).

    Pressing space will take you into the 3D bit. Here the keys are almost
    the same. 'WSER' will scroll the landscape (whilst also projecting it).
    Holding down 'SHIFT' whilst pressing 'W','S','E' or 'R' will continually
    scroll the landscape in the direction specified. Other keys available
    are:

        Q           Zoom into the landscape
        A           Zoom out of the landscape
        SHIFT+Q     Rotate eye about horizontal axis
        SHIFT+A     Rotate eye about horizontal axis
        I           Rotate landscape about vertical axis
        O           Rotate landscape about vertical axis
        SHIFT+I     Continuously rotate landscape about vertical axis
        SHIFT+O     Continuously rotate landscape about vertical axis
        SPACE       Reset everything to normality
        ESCAPE      Quit program

    There were originally many more keys (hence the rather odd positioning
    of the current keys) but they were 'optimised out'.

    It was written on a 33MHz 486 with a Paradise 90c30 graphics chipset on
    an 11MHz bus. If you run it on anything less, then don't blame me if it
    either doesn't work, or goes horribly slowly! Seriously though, if you
    do have any major problems, then email me and I'll see what I can do.

    I have included the full source code for this demo. Please feel free to
    examine it. I apologise in advance for the lack of comments, and the
    code may be hard to follow simply because it has been optimised. If you
    find the code useful, a greet would be appreciated in any demo you write.
    Please don't just blatently rip it off.

    The program is designed to be compiled using Borland C++ 2.0 (which
    includes TASM). You may or may not have problems trying to recompile it
    under anything else.

    I am currently seeking to join a demo group of some description
    (preferably one with a good musician/graphics artist) - email me if you
    are interested.


    David Hedley (hedley@cs.bris.ac.uk)
    Computer Science Undergraduate at the University of Bristol, England



                                   CREDITS
                                   -------

        All program design and implementation by David 'Deadly' Hedley

