
 ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßß    ßßßßß   ßßß   ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßß
 ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß    ßß    ßß   ßß  ßß   ßß  ßßßß  ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßß
 ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß    ßß    ßßßßßß  ßßß   ßßß ßß ßß ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßß
 ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß    ßß    ßß  ßß   ßß   ßß  ßß  ßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßß
 ßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß    ßß    ßß   ßß   ßßßßß   ßß   ßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßß

        A crappy but tiny two player game written by brioche/aspirine
	This is a beta version 0.2 so don't expect too much! :)

 	I have to admit that it was a boring  saturday evening when I
	started to code some kind of nibble game, I'm really not used
	to code games. I still can't figure out why I decided to make
	this one, maybe because it was easy to code in asm. I'm gonna
	maybe put it in Wired97's 100k game compo. :)
		
	The rules are mainly the same as the race in the famous movie
	Tron.  You have to  spend the more time  possible on the game
	area without  touching  neither any of the boundaries nor the
	line drawn by the other player and you. Quite addictive.

 	If you have an azerty french-like keyboard the right keys are
	up/down/left/right for the player 1 and a/q/w/x for the other
	but if you have a qwerty keyboard it should be something like
	q/a/z/x (I'm not so sure!).

	There are of course some bugs in the game.  When both players
	die at the same moment the player 2 will always be the winner
	since the player 1 case is the first to be tested. :)
	The whole stuff is synchronized on the 70 hz vertical retrace
	of the screen but it works well since the whole stuff doesn't
	need 1/70s to be drawned so it runs at the same speed on slow
	computers than on fast pentiums.
	
	Since some parts of the assembler code are quite unreadable
	feel free to contact me if you want more detail about it...

	I'd like to send my best regards to alphatrion, gedeon, trax,
	desnos, pcboy, black axe, fontex and all the very cool people
	I met at Wired.
 	
	Xavier Defrang (brioche/aspirine)
	106146.1452@compuserve.com
